CTOR-831 : Refresh hardware-storage-lenovo-sseries-snmp (#3500)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-storage-lenovo-sseries-snmp.md

|:-------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|
| COMPONENT    | Which component to check (default: '.*'). Can be: 'unit', 'sensors', 'port'                                                            |                   |             |
| EXTRAOPTIONS | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (a --verbose flag for example). All options are listed [here](#available-options). | --verbose         |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Traffic-Global" label="Traffic-Global">

| Macro          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default value     | Mandatory   |
|:---------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|

> | FILTER         | Define the interface filter on IDs (OID indexes, e.g.: 1,2,...). If empty, all interfaces will be monitored. To filter on interface names, see --name                                                               | .*                |             |

Reviewer: y'a pas de --name dans le tableau

> | FILTER         | Define the interface filter on IDs (OID indexes, e.g.: 1,2,...). If empty, all interfaces will be monitored. To filter on interface names, see --name                                                               | .*                |             |

Author: ```suggestion
| FILTER         | Define the interface filter on name (this filter supports regular expressions.). If empty, all interfaces will be monitored.                                                               | .*                |             |
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

3. [Deploy the configuration](/docs/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration). The service appears in the list of services, and on the **Resources Status** page. The command that is sent by the connector is displayed in the details panel of the service: it shows the values of the macros.

## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for?

Once the plugin is installed, log into your Centreon poller's CLI using the
**centreon-engine** user account (`su - centreon-engine`). Test that the connector 
is able to monitor a resource using a command like this one (replace the sample values by yours):

```bash
/usr/lib/centreon/plugins/centreon_lenovo_sseries_snmp.pl \
	--plugin=storage::lenovo::sseries::snmp::plugin \
	--mode=interfaces \
	--hostname=10.0.0.1 \
	--snmp-version='2c' \
	--snmp-community='my-snmp-community'  \
	--interface='.*' \
	--name \
	--add-status \
	--add-traffic \
	--critical-status='' \
	--warning-in-traffic='80' \
	--critical-in-traffic='90' \
	--warning-out-traffic='80' \
	--critical-out-traffic='90' \
	--verbose
```

The expected command output is shown below:

```bash

> OK: All interfaces are ok | '*interface_name*#status'='up';;;;'*interface_name*#interface.traffic.in.bitspersecond'=20b/s;;;;'*interface_name*#interface.traffic.out.bitspersecond'=20b/s;;;;

Reviewer: thresholds?

> OK: All interfaces are ok | '*interface_name*#status'='up';;;;'*interface_name*#interface.traffic.in.bitspersecond'=20b/s;;;;'*interface_name*#interface.traffic.out.bitspersecond'=20b/s;;;;

Author: ```suggestion
OK: All interfaces are ok | '*interface_name*#status'='up';;;;'*interface_name*#interface.traffic.in.bitspersecond'=20b/s;80;90;;'*interface_name*#interface.traffic.out.bitspersecond'=20b/s;80;90;;
```
